Motivation behind this app:

My motivation on this app is based on, that last spring one oh mine closest friend was constantly talking about MBTI personality types and he was able to pull mine
interest for it. He has constantly teaching me how to analyze people putting them into different personalities, how different personalities work, and the
compatibility with other personality types. One day while having a discussion on MBTI we created an idea that there should be a dating app that would
match people using their personality compatibilities. And the fourth semester gave me an opportunity for accomplishing it as I need to develop my personal app.

Description about the app:

The Meyers-Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI) is a test that assigns for person his own personality type, which gives helpful information about how he functions,
makes decisions, and compatibility with other personalities. MBTI dating app helps a person to find their compatible partner based on MBTI personality compatibility.
A good point of this app is that, is that is not required to know MBTI, as this application has its own MBTI test which after completion assigns personality with
detailed descriptions and suggested personalities to date.

I was not able to fully implement this app so I changed it to MBTI test which is able to show to user what he was personality afther completing a test and he is able to have
custom profile.

User stories:

The user must create account and later use the credentials to login. (Delivered)
The user must select preferred personalities for receiving suggested profiles. (Not delivered)
The user must enter his MBTI personality. (Not delivered)
The user must accept or decline the suggested profiles. (Not delivered)
The user should do own personalized profile with pictures and descriptions. (Partialy delivered)
The user should do MBTI personality test to get own personality type. (Delivered)
The user should check personality compatibility table which explains how user is compatible with other personalities. (Not delivered)
The user could text other users who is matched to the user. (Not delivered)
The user won’t send pictures to chat. (Not delivered)

Link to presentation:

https://youtu.be/FDsZmJ5L-C4
